(quiet music)
Allright, when we converted the application
to use WebFlux, we had to take out
some of the stuff that was specific to the Servlet API.
So if you remember, if we come in and do a View here,
and now if I come in, and I'm just gonna modify this Id
so I know that's not gonna get found,
we're gonna get a 500 error.
And that is kind of expected because we are
not handling the error at all anymore,
so really what's happening is that,
it's not getting found and that Mono is getting passed
with a empty interior to it,
and the reason we changed this,
we need to actually go in
and refactor the controller because we had this
ExceptionHandler in here,
and that was working,
when we were using the Servlet view
and this works out okay.
And that exception works out okay.
But it's this Model and View,
that no longer exists because that is Servlet specific.
What we can do is refactor this @ExceptionHandler
to return back a view name
and we are gonna say a String
and now we can also say, return back,
so that's the view name we were returning back
and, obviously, we can't add in the view name here,
anymore or the modelAndView,
but what we can do is pass in the Model.
So the Model is available,
it's just the Model View that is specific.
And we can just change this to,
add the attribute to it.
Pretty simple refactoring here
but it's still important.
So now we're gonna have this
and then the other thing is that
if we wanted to do the NotFoundException,
that's our own custom exception,
we'd have to execute that Mono
and get a subscription to it
but we actually want the template doing that
and right now, we could have our handling
into the reactive type
but we're gonna do it right here.
I'm gonna scroll up here to the top.
And we are getting a TemplateInputException.
And that's because we're getting a null object
being sent to the template
and he's blowing up,
so I'm just gonna overload this
and add in that class to the method signature here.
So now this @ExceptionHandler
is gonna work for that NotFoundException,
should we use that
and also the TemplateInputException
because we know we're gonna toss that error
when the model attribute is null.
So Thymeleaf can't get that,
so it throws that exception.
So let's go ahead and bounce this real quick.
We are back up and running with Netty.
Let's go back over here and now just refresh that
because I know that's not gonna be there.
Now we have a nice 404 page again,
rather than that ugly 500 error
so we're saying 404 Not Found
and actually we got an error message saying here,
but we could customize that if we want to,
the main thing I wanted to show you
was how to modify that ExceptionHandler again
to have that, to get that up and working once again.
So just to recap,
so we're doing the ResponseStatus, that's still available,
or using the @ExceptionHandler
but now we have two exception classes that we're trigger out
and handle this error.
We're just gonna come in, log it
and we'll add in that attribute at the exception
and toss our 404 page there.
And remember we added in the 404 error page for our use.